Update release guide (#491)
napari/docs: docs/developers/coredev/release.md

# Release guide

This guide documents `napari`'s release process. Most required tools mentioned here are in https://github.com/napari/napari-release-tools

# Timeline

> New versions of `napari` will be released approximately every two months. The first release candidate will be available one week prior to release for testing purposes. Multiple release candidates may become available during the week prior to release.

Reviewer: This is definitely outdated. Right now we are releasing every two weeks and rcs only have between 1h and 24h. 😅 *If* we want to keep the timeline section, I would suggest something like:

> Currently, we are releasing a new napari version every 2-3 weeks. Release candidates are made available as a sanity check for 1-24h before the full release is published: since the release cadence is so high, any new bugs can be quickly rectified, and more quickly identified by making a full release.
>
> When major API changes and deprecations happen, we will provide longer release candidate cycles to ensure proper testing by the community.

The latest release candidate can be installed with

`python -m pip install --pre napari`

# Release management
The release will be coordinated by a release manager whose responsibilities include the following:

## Two weeks before release (one week before release candidate)
- Look through currently open PRs and get a sense of what would be good to merge before the first release candidate. Set milestones appropriately;
- Ensure `conda-recipe/meta.yaml` in `napari/packaging` is up-to-date (e.g. `run` dependencies match `setup.cfg` requirements);
- Create a zulip thread in [the release channel](https://napari.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/215289-release) letting people know the release candidate is coming and pointing out PRs that would be nice to merge before release.

At this stage, bug fixes and features that are close to landing should be prioritized. The release manager will follow up with PR authors, reviewing and merging as needed.

## Nine days before release (two days before release candidate)

> - Generate release notes with the [`generate_release_notes.py` script from napari/napari-release-tools](https://github.com/napari/napari-release-tools/blob/main/generate_release_notes.py);
> - Fill in the release highlights and make a PR with the release notes, making sure to add the new document to the [napari/docs table of contents file](https://github.com/napari/docs/blob/main/docs/_toc.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a header and highlights section to the [`additional notes`](https://github.com/napari/napari-release-tools/tree/main/additional_notes) folder for the given release. Use the [highlight label](https://github.com/napari/napari/pulls?q=sort%3Aupdated-desc+is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3Ahighlight) for the relevant milestone to note which PRs to comment on.
- Generate release notes with the [`generate_release_notes.py` script from napari/napari-release-tools](https://github.com/napari/napari-release-tools/blob/main/generate_release_notes.py);
- make a PR with the release notes, making sure to add the new document to the [napari/docs table of contents file](https://github.com/napari/docs/blob/main/docs/_toc.yml).
```

Maybe worth also adding a link to an example PR?

# Release guide

This guide documents `napari`'s release process. Most required tools mentioned here are in https://github.com/napari/napari-release-tools

# Timeline

Currently, we are releasing a new napari version every 2-3 weeks. Release candidates are made available as a reasonableness check for 1-24h before the full release is published: since the release cadence is so high, any new bugs can be quickly rectified, and more quickly identified by making a full release.

When major API changes and deprecations happen, we will provide longer release candidate cycles to ensure proper testing by the community.

The latest release candidate can be installed with

`python -m pip install --pre napari`

# Release management
The release will be coordinated by a release manager whose responsibilities include the following:

> ## Two weeks before release (one week before release candidate)

Reviewer: probably worth updating the timeline given our current cadence. I would say:

- one week before release: look through open PRs etc
- 1-2 days before release: generate release notes
- 1-0 days before release: make rc
- day of release: make sure rc is tested and docs are deployed, then release

## Generating release notes

1. Grab the `generate_release_notes.py` script from the
   [napari/napari-release-tools](https://github.com/napari/napari-release-tools)
   repo. Make a list of merges, contributors, and reviewers by running
   ``python generate_release_notes.py -h`` and following that file's usage.
   For each release generate the list to include everything since the last release for which there
   are release notes (which should just be the last release). To substitute GitHub handles for author names, use the `--correction-file` option.

   For example, to create release notes for the `0.5.4` release, use:

   ```bash

>    python generate_release_notes.py 0.5.4 --target-directory=/path/to/docs/release/ --correction-file /path/to/name_corrections.yaml

Reviewer: TIL 😅 😂

- Version string has been correctly updated. The build number should have been reset to `0` now.
- The CI passes correctly. Do check the logs, especially the test section (search for `TEST START`).

> - The `run` dependencies in `recipes/meta.yaml` match the runtime requirements of the PyPI release (listed in `pyproject.toml`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `run` dependencies in `recipe/meta.yaml` match the runtime requirements of the PyPI release (listed in `pyproject.toml`).
```
